docs(connector): update Alipay readme (#1604)
logto-io/logto: packages/connector-alipay-web/README.md

Alipay Web connector is designed for desktop Web applications. It takes advantage of Alipay's OAuth 2.0 authentication workflow and enables Alipay users to sign in to other Apps using public Alipay user profiles without going through a troublesome register process.

## Register Alipay developer account

[Register an Alipay developer account](https://certifyweb.alipay.com/certify/reg/guide#/) if you don't have one.

## Create and configure Alipay app

1. Sign in to the [Alipay console](https://open.alipay.com/) with the account you have just registered.
2. Go to "Web & Mobile Apps" (网页&移动应用) tab in "My Application" (我的应用) panel.
3. Click "Create an App" (立即创建) button to start configuring your application.
4. Name your application in "Application Name" (应用名称) following the naming conventions and upload your "Application Icon" (应用图标), make sure you choose "web application" (网页应用) as "App type" (应用类型).
5. After finishing creating the application, we come to the Overview page, where we should click "add ability" (添加能力) to add "Third-party application authorization" (第三方应用授权), "Get member information" (获取会员信息) and "App Alipay login" (App 支付宝登录) before enabling Alipay sign-in.

> 6. Go to [Alipay Customer Center](https://b.alipay.com/index2.htm), and sign in with the Alipay developer account. Click "Account Center" (账号中心) on the top bar and go to "APPID binding" (APPID 绑定), whose entrance can be found at the bottom of the sidebar. "Add binding" (添加绑定) by type in the APPID of the web application you just created in step 4.

Reviewer: nit: ditto
```suggestion
6. Go to [Alipay Customer Center](https://b.alipay.com/index2.htm), and sign in with the Alipay developer account. Click "Account Center" (账号中心) on the topbar and go to "APPID binding" (APPID 绑定), whose entrance can be found at the bottom of the sidebar. "Add binding" (添加绑定) by type in the APPID of the web application you just created in step 4.
```
